MAIN GOAL: As a user who needs to track tasks, I should be able to enter in a task name, and an expected completion date, and be able to mark them as complete


Given a user wants to enter a task
When the user clicks an affordance for entering a new task (i.e. button or hyperlink)
Then a form should be presented to the user with a field to enter in the task name
And a field to enter in the expected completion date

Given a user wants to mark a task complete
When the user is viewing their task list
Then there should be a checkbox next to each task that, when clicked, should mark the task as complete in the database
And prevent the task from being displayed in the list

Given a user wants to edit a task name
When the user clicks on the name of a task
Then the user should be able to edit the name of the task
And when the enter key is pressed, the new task name should be saved to the database
And the task list should be updated to display the new task name

Given a user is on the task list and wants to remove a task
When when the user performs a gesture on the delete affordance
Then the task should be removed from the database
And the task should be removed from the task list

1.  Click button in task container to create new task.
    Form then given to user with fields for task name, completion date, and description. 
2.  Click button on each task to edit or delete task.
    Edit should allow user to immediately type in the task name or description field. When enter clicked, should overwrite the task with new text. 
    Needs to update database and the DOM with new edit. 
3.  Checkbox on each task to mark task as complete. 
    When checked, will remove the task from task list and put it into completed tasks list. 


5.19.20 TO DO > 

- Remove default form submit button functionality from new task form
- Add click event to create and discard button in new task form
- Add click event to remove button on current tasks
- Add click event to checkbox (completed) on current tasks
- Allow user to double-click onto current task to edit it as text-editor
- Highlight/darken 'View Current' or 'View Completed' button to show which is active
